hello Who am I speaking to is CJ I truth
is that you might be might be a
government algorithm trying to pick your
brain so don't admit anything whatever
man what's up I need a favor girl
thought I could cash it some karma chips
York ready good I took some fellow
travelers deep into the desert Ella
p.o.d Safari a few nights back we faced
the inner light and communed with a
lizard king salman how'd it go that's
the problem I don't know I'm in Los
Santos i woke up at a Japanese bath
house about an hour ago I have no idea
how I got here or where the others are
they probably found I don't think so
they were Brits a band or their managers
they have no experience about the desert
okay where'd you make camp I can go have
a look I took up a bar code del Oeste
fantastic sunsets let's start looking
for them up there hey what's going on
day one cuz I'm sensor here and this
ground with the San Andreas dis de
mission called thorn hey yo te gaan
peyote right so basically gonna call
from truth and I who is hang about these
two dudes that's got lucky this is
somewhere and you just go and pick him
up paula mack on anybody out here truce
it hey over here hey man you all right
you know i'm fucking angry stone me
bloody clothes where Emma I didn't owe
me I was having a dream I was wanking or
with some fat bird six when this twat
sonore Makka you fucking cycle you did
it again Binyah that peyote wish I your
look here brought some tabs along holds
you a million times not to put stuff in
my fucking drink Oh piss off killer
who are you again oh I'm a friend of the
truth he said you guys might need a ride
into town some born the fucking
raspberry not a fucking rasberry I can't
feel my legs are p I've Wagner you
Sullivan just stand out you soppy can't
we go through this every weekend oh whoa
man what the hell was y'all doing last
night anybody you're all right ah so
while I'm taking you I've got a pal
Rosie he's got some casino get going
down adventurous sweet all right fuck
off string Oh charlie all right ladies
let's go come on fucking Norman's well
it felt like you can't feel him honest
all right there you go so so this is why
you do need a vehicle with that lease
basically four doors because I you just
gotta pick them up and that is what is
to social where you can pick them up
right so once you're done you take for a
nap it took a snake farm I was down to
the bottom of the hill which is only
like to the sides to the end of the area
and we r s trip familien looks just like
sulfur to me what are you talking about
take a gander at impellers zatim that
their city boy is gone been with my
prize hog now I don't even get no sugar
from her and that one done screwed my
sis I had a terrible aching in my grinds
ever since I'm gonna slap you silly
forgiving me and my fellow the red
bumpie's what tarnation I'm a fiction to
give you a whoopin for what you gone and
done to my young ones I they good some
biscuit de table pissed off I'm not be
going away and it just don't kill him
I'm gonna call
everybody get to the park I'm trying
everything up to shoot the police
otherwise take forever and you cannot
just you know quick tries get and this
vehicle yet I'll flu is actually a
bulldog two boys had a good time hey
what about a ban on yeah I asked mrs.
policy so I kind of messed up there and
I had to go back and pick him up so I'm
fountain know the police away I have a
desire to new piece of my my end and a
touch looks to the garage to disco i'll
see if i have a four door vehicle I
don't remember how he knew evil clutchy
so let's have a look
now this is to do I haven't so let's go
I'm full shut up get into the car is
going to cut macro
either go so please not much tell at the
moment whatever those the other woman
sites so trying to go back to this small
town here click on macbook
and google google all right there is no
please Randy good cuz I can text you the
four doors Michael oh fuck you know I'm
here on one of our guru which I anyways
it's called colliculus it's on the
streaming hi there you go great stuff
now once you don't you tell you mean to
the colliculus casino to finish off this
mission I'm old you coming in let's go
in and say wow z
khempal here to see Rosie hey boss
there's somebody here to see you oh go
away I have a migraine boy Rosie son
it's me paulo oh god my despair is
complete okay Letterman Rosie how are
you me out son I pray that one day I can
escape my perpetual torment and retire
in peace and comfort a million miles
away from anyone I've ever fucking known
and instead I get this come honest me
kenpo well hello Paul what a pleasant
surprise who the hell are these guys
these are my boys Makka and co sir you
are any speckled dogs boss I'm peaking
on one right now top of the range man
well it's fitting as I sit here up to my
neck in a river of shit with every Mafia
gorilla from Liberty City to Los Santos
pissing in my face that you kent paul
should witness it or some ass up to
numerous oppressively insurmountable and
depressingly fucking typical even to
mention so i brough Pirlo can help give
us some space with your son i'll give
you a tingle later I for shell not
Schumacher oh yes Wow unbelievable
a boozy I think I found a way to scope
caligulus casino without causing too
much suspicion we could talk later and
they're your mission pause there's your
respect that's how it's done this fish
is really easy by the way anyway okay
sounds insane hope you guys like this
video hot is